ffe1afce-f803-4c90-9a38-3a91724e31d2/download-sizes-office365-proplus-updates.md, before:

---
title: "Download sizes for updates to Office 365 ProPlus"
ms.author: andrewmo
author: anankani
manager: andrewmo
ms.audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: o365-proplus-itpro
localization_priority: Priority
ms.collection: RelNotes_ProPlus
description: "Provides IT Pros with information about approximate download sizes for updates to Office 365 ProPlus for each update channel"
---

# Download sizes for updates to Office 365 ProPlus

The following tables show, by release date and update channel, the approximate download size when updating from a previous release of Office 365 ProPlus to the most current release.
  
We're providing this information in advance of the actual release date to help enterprise customers plan network bandwidth utilization for these upcoming channel updates. Because we're providing this information in advance, some information might change by the time the actual release comes out.
  
Our goal is to provide update size information a week in advance of a release, but there are times when the information isn't available that far in advance. Releases for Semi-Annual Channel and Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted) are scheduled for the second Tuesday of each month. Monthly Channel releases are not on a set schedule.

For information about features, security updates, and non-security updates that are included in a given release, see [Release information for updates to Office 365 ProPlus](release-notes-office365-proplus.md).

 
> [!NOTE]
> - The approximate download size listed in the tables only applies to the en-us x64 version of Office 365 ProPlus. (All releases prior to March 13, 2019 show x86 sizes.)
> - Download sizes are approximate. Actual download sizes might vary, possibly by as much as 50 mb. 
> - Release dates and build numbers that are italicized and enclosed in "\< \>" are subject to change. 
> - Only the releases from the last four months are listed.
> - Only the most recent previous releases are listed in the tables. If you're updating from an older release, your download size will be larger.
> - If you're switching to a different channel, for example from Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted) to Semi-Annual Channel, your update size will be considerably larger than what's listed in the table. It could entail a full download, which would be at least 1 GB.

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE)

## April 29, 2019

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT STARTApril 29, 2019)

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1904 (Build 11601.20144). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1904 (Build 11425.20244)  <br/> |April 22, 2019  <br/> |151<br/> |
|Version 1903 (Build 11425.20228)  <br/> |April 17, 2019  <br/> |156<br/> |

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT ENDApril 29, 2019)

## April 22, 2019

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT STARTApril 22, 2019)

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1903 (Build 11929.20300).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1903 (Build 11929.20300)  <br/> |April 17, 2019  <br/> |204<br/> |
|Version 1903 (Build 11929.20300)  <br/> |April 16, 2019  <br/> |186<br/> |

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT ENDApril 22, 2019)

## April 17, 2019

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT STARTApril 17, 2019)

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1903 (Build 11425.20228). 

|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1903 (Build 11425.20218)  <br/> |April 16, 2019  <br/> |187<br/> |
|Version 1903 (Build 11425.20204)  <br/> |April 9, 2019  <br/> |243<br/> |

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT ENDApril 17, 2019)

## April 16, 2019

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT STARTApril 16, 2019)

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1903 (Build 11425.20218). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1903 (Build 11425.20204)  <br/> |April 9, 2019  <br/> |307<br/> |
|Version 1903 (Build 11425.20202)  <br/> |April 1, 2019  <br/> |307<br/> |

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT ENDApril 16, 2019)

## April 9, 2019

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT STARTApril 9, 2019)

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1903 (Build 11425.20204). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1903 (Build 11425.20202)  <br/> |April 1, 2019  <br/> |307<br/> |
|Version 1902 (Build 11328.20158)  <br/> |March 12, 2019  <br/> |204<br/> |


### Semi-Annual Channel

The most current release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20334)

|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20304)  <br/> |March 12, 2019  <br/> |81<br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20280) <br/> |February 12, 2019  <br/> |81<br/> |

### Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted)

The most current release is Version 1902 (Build 11328.20230).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1902 (Build 11328.20158)  <br/> |March 12, 2019  <br/> |68 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20280)  <br/> |February 12, 2019  <br/> |307 <br/> |

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT ENDApril 9, 2019)
## April 1, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1903 (Build 11425.20202). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1902 (Build 11328.20158)  <br/> |March 12, 2019  <br/> |204<br/> |
|Version 1902 (Build 11328.20222)  <br/> |March 25, 2019  <br/> |205<br/> |

## March 25, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1902 (Build 11328.20222). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1902 (Build 11328.20158)  <br/> |March 12,2019  <br/> |67<br/> |
|Version 1901 (Build 11328.201460)  <br/> |March 04, 2019  <br/> |67<br/> |
|Version 1901 (Build 11328.20146)  <br/> |February 12, 2019  <br/> |307<br/> |

## March 12, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1902 (Build 11328.20158). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1901 (Build 11231.20130)  <br/> |January 31, 2019  <br/> |179<br/> |
|Version 1901 (Build 11231.20174)  <br/> |February 12,2019  <br/> |177<br/> |
|Version 1902 (Build 11328.20146)  <br/> |March 4,2019  <br/> |278<br/> |

### Semi-Annual Channel

The most current release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20304)

|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20264)  <br/> |January 8,2019  <br/> |84<br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20280) <br/> |February 12, 2019  <br/> |74<br/> |

### Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted)

The most current release is Version 1902 (Build 11328.20158).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20264)  <br/> |January 8,2019  <br/> |257 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20280)  <br/> |February 12, 2019  <br/> |256 <br/> |

## March 4, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1902 (Build 11328.20146). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1901 (Build 11231.20130)  <br/> |January 31, 2019  <br/> |180<br/> |
|Version 1901 (Build 11231.20174)  <br/> |February 12,2019  <br/> |178<br/> |

## February 12, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1901 (Build 11231.20174). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1901 (Build 11231.20130)  <br/> |January 31, 2019  <br/> |66<br/> |
|Version 1812 (Build 11126.20266)  <br/> |January 14,2019  <br/> |158<br/> |


### Semi-Annual Channel

The most current release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20280)

|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20264)  <br/> |January 8,2019  <br/> |79<br/> |
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2336) <br/> |December 11, 2018  <br/> |280<br/> |

  
### Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted)

The most current release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20280).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20264)  <br/> |January 8,2019  <br/> |79 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20262)  <br/> |December 11, 2018  <br/> |280 <br/> |


## January 31, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1901 (Build 11231.20130). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1812 (Build 11126.20266))  <br/> |January 14, 2019 <br/> |159<br/> |
|Version 1812 (Build 11126.20196)  <br/> |January 8, 2019 <br/> |159<br/> |

## January 14, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1812 (Build 11126.20266). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1812 (Build 11126.20196)  <br/> |January 8, 2019 <br/> |81<br/> |
|Version 1812 (Build 11126.20188)  <br/> |December 11, 2018 <br/> |162<br/> |

## January 8, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1812 (Build 11126.20196). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1812 (Build 11126.20188)  <br/> |January 3, 2019  <br/> |75<br/> |
|Version 1811 (Build 11029.20108)  <br/> |December 11, 2018  <br/> |177<br/> |

### Semi-Annual Channel

The most current  release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20264)

|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2336) <br/> |December 11, 2018  <br/> | 281<br/> |
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2315)  <br/> |November 13, 2018  <br/> |281 <br/> |
  
### Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted)

The most current  release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20264).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20262)  <br/> |December 11, 2018  <br/> |83 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20205)  <br/> |November 13, 2018  <br/>   |96  <br/>|


## January 3, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1812 (Build 11126.20188). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1810 (Build 11029.20079)  <br/> |November 27, 2018  <br/> |179<br/> |
|Version 1811 (Build 11029.20108)  <br/> |December 11, 2018  <br/> |176<br/> |

## December 11, 2018

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1811 (Build 11029.20108). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1810 (Build 11001.20108)  <br/> |November 13, 2018  <br/> |168<br/> |
|Version 1810 (Build 11029.20079)  <br/> |November 27, 2018  <br/> |82<br/> |

### Semi-Annual Channel

The most current release is Version 1803 (Build 9126.2336)

|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2295) <br/> |October 9, 2018  <br/> | 61<br/> |
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2282)  <br/> |September 11, 2018  <br/> |60 <br/> |
  
### Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted)

The most current release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20262).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1803 (Build 10730.20155)  <br/> |October 9, 2018  <br/> |90 <br/> |
|Version 1803 (Build 10730.20205)  <br/> |November 13, 2018  <br/>   |77  <br/>|

## November 27, 2018

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1811 (Build 11029.20079). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1811 (Build 11001.20108)  <br/> |November 13, 2018  <br/> |167<br/> |
|Version 1810 (Build 11001.20074)  <br/> |October 29, 2018  <br/> |166<br/> |


## November 13, 2018

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1810 (Build 11001.20108). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1809 (Build 10827.20181)  <br/> |October 16, 2018  <br/> |188<br/> |
|Version 1809 (Build 11001.20074)  <br/> |October 29, 2018  <br/> |64<br/> |

### Semi-Annual Channel

The most current release is Version  1803 (Build 9126.2315).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2295) <br/> |October 9, 2018  <br/> |61 <br/> |
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2282)  <br/> |September 11, 2018  <br/> |58<br/> |

### Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted)

The most current release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20205).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1803 (Build 10730.20102)  <br/> |October 9, 2018  <br/> |92 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20102)  <br/> |September 11, 2018  <br/>   |84  <br/>|

## October 29, 2018

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1810 (Build 11001.20074). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1809 (Build 10827.20181)  <br/> |October 16, 2018  <br/> |188<br/> |
|Version 1809 (Build 10827.20150)  <br/> |October 9, 2018  <br/> |188<br/> |


## October 16, 2018

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1809 (Build 10827.20181).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20088)  <br/> |September 5, 2018  <br/> |170  <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20102)  <br/> |September 12, 2018  <br/> |176 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20127)  <br/> |September 24, 2018  <br/> |396 <br/> |
|Version 1809 (Build 10827.20138)  <br/> |September 27, 2018  <br/> |86 <br/> |
|Version 1809 (Build 10827.20150)  <br/> |October 9, 2018  <br/> |82 <br/> |

## October 9, 2018

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1809 (Build 10827.20150).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20088)  <br/> |September 5, 2018  <br/> |170  <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20102)  <br/> |September 12, 2018  <br/> |176 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20127)  <br/> |September 24, 2018  <br/> |396 <br/> |
|Version 1809 (Build 10827.20138)  <br/> |September 27, 2018  <br/> |80 <br/> |
  
### Semi-Annual Channel

The most current release is Version  1803 (Build 9126.2295).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2275)  <br/> |August 14, 2018  <br/> |104 <br/> |
|Version 1803(Build 9126.2282)  <br/> |September 11, 2018  <br/> |100<br/> |

  
### Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted)

The most current release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20155).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2275)  <br/> |August 14, 2018  <br/> |292 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20102)  <br/> |September 11, 2018  <br/>   |87  <br/>|

    
## Related topics

- [Overview of update channels for Office 365 ProPlus](https://docs.microsoft.com/DeployOffice/overview-of-update-channels-for-office-365-proplus)
- [Update history for Office 365 ProPlus (listed by date)](update-history-office365-proplus-by-date.md)

> [!NOTE]
> If you need help with an issue with using Office, we recommend that you post your question on [Microsoft's Answers forum](https://answers.microsoft.com/) or [Tech Community](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/), or you can contact [support](https://support.microsoft.com/contactus).

Commit message:

Updating ffe1afce-f803-4c90-9a38-3a91724e31d2/download-sizes-office365-proplus-updates.md with new Release Info.

ffe1afce-f803-4c90-9a38-3a91724e31d2/download-sizes-office365-proplus-updates.md, after:

---
title: "Download sizes for updates to Office 365 ProPlus"
ms.author: andrewmo
author: anankani
manager: andrewmo
ms.audience: ITPro
ms.topic: reference
ms.service: o365-proplus-itpro
localization_priority: Priority
ms.collection: RelNotes_ProPlus
description: "Provides IT Pros with information about approximate download sizes for updates to Office 365 ProPlus for each update channel"
---

# Download sizes for updates to Office 365 ProPlus

The following tables show, by release date and update channel, the approximate download size when updating from a previous release of Office 365 ProPlus to the most current release.
  
We're providing this information in advance of the actual release date to help enterprise customers plan network bandwidth utilization for these upcoming channel updates. Because we're providing this information in advance, some information might change by the time the actual release comes out.
  
Our goal is to provide update size information a week in advance of a release, but there are times when the information isn't available that far in advance. Releases for Semi-Annual Channel and Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted) are scheduled for the second Tuesday of each month. Monthly Channel releases are not on a set schedule.

For information about features, security updates, and non-security updates that are included in a given release, see [Release information for updates to Office 365 ProPlus](release-notes-office365-proplus.md).

 
> [!NOTE]
> - The approximate download size listed in the tables only applies to the en-us x64 version of Office 365 ProPlus. (All releases prior to March 13, 2019 show x86 sizes.)
> - Download sizes are approximate. Actual download sizes might vary, possibly by as much as 50 mb. 
> - Release dates and build numbers that are italicized and enclosed in "\< \>" are subject to change. 
> - Only the releases from the last four months are listed.
> - Only the most recent previous releases are listed in the tables. If you're updating from an older release, your download size will be larger.
> - If you're switching to a different channel, for example from Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted) to Semi-Annual Channel, your update size will be considerably larger than what's listed in the table. It could entail a full download, which would be at least 1 GB.

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE)

## January 27, 2020

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE FORECAST CONTENT START)

### Semi-Annual Channel

<i>The expected release is Version 1908 (Build 11929.20562).</i>

|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1902 (Build 11328.20492) <br/> |December 10, 2019 <br/> |338<br/> |
|Version 1902 (Build 11328.20480) <br/> |November 22, 2019 <br/> |337<br/> |


### Semi-Annual (Targeted) Channel

<i>The expected release is Version 1908 (Build 11929.20562).</i>

|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1908 (Build 11929.20516) <br/> |December 10, 2019 <br/> |59<br/> |
|Version 1908 (Build 11929.20494) <br/> |November 22, 2019 <br/> |64<br/> |


[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE FORECAST CONTENT END)

## April 29, 2019

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT STARTApril 29, 2019)

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1904 (Build 11601.20144). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1904 (Build 11425.20244)  <br/> |April 22, 2019  <br/> |151<br/> |
|Version 1903 (Build 11425.20228)  <br/> |April 17, 2019  <br/> |156<br/> |

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT ENDApril 29, 2019)

## April 22, 2019

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT STARTApril 22, 2019)

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1903 (Build 11929.20300).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1903 (Build 11929.20300)  <br/> |April 17, 2019  <br/> |204<br/> |
|Version 1903 (Build 11929.20300)  <br/> |April 16, 2019  <br/> |186<br/> |

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT ENDApril 22, 2019)

## April 17, 2019

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT STARTApril 17, 2019)

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1903 (Build 11425.20228). 

|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1903 (Build 11425.20218)  <br/> |April 16, 2019  <br/> |187<br/> |
|Version 1903 (Build 11425.20204)  <br/> |April 9, 2019  <br/> |243<br/> |

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT ENDApril 17, 2019)

## April 16, 2019

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT STARTApril 16, 2019)

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1903 (Build 11425.20218). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1903 (Build 11425.20204)  <br/> |April 9, 2019  <br/> |307<br/> |
|Version 1903 (Build 11425.20202)  <br/> |April 1, 2019  <br/> |307<br/> |

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT ENDApril 16, 2019)

## April 9, 2019

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT STARTApril 9, 2019)

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1903 (Build 11425.20204). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1903 (Build 11425.20202)  <br/> |April 1, 2019  <br/> |307<br/> |
|Version 1902 (Build 11328.20158)  <br/> |March 12, 2019  <br/> |204<br/> |


### Semi-Annual Channel

The most current release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20334)

|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20304)  <br/> |March 12, 2019  <br/> |81<br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20280) <br/> |February 12, 2019  <br/> |81<br/> |

### Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted)

The most current release is Version 1902 (Build 11328.20230).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1902 (Build 11328.20158)  <br/> |March 12, 2019  <br/> |68 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20280)  <br/> |February 12, 2019  <br/> |307 <br/> |

[//]: # (DO NOT REMOVE CONTENT ENDApril 9, 2019)
## April 1, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1903 (Build 11425.20202). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1902 (Build 11328.20158)  <br/> |March 12, 2019  <br/> |204<br/> |
|Version 1902 (Build 11328.20222)  <br/> |March 25, 2019  <br/> |205<br/> |

## March 25, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1902 (Build 11328.20222). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1902 (Build 11328.20158)  <br/> |March 12,2019  <br/> |67<br/> |
|Version 1901 (Build 11328.201460)  <br/> |March 04, 2019  <br/> |67<br/> |
|Version 1901 (Build 11328.20146)  <br/> |February 12, 2019  <br/> |307<br/> |

## March 12, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1902 (Build 11328.20158). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1901 (Build 11231.20130)  <br/> |January 31, 2019  <br/> |179<br/> |
|Version 1901 (Build 11231.20174)  <br/> |February 12,2019  <br/> |177<br/> |
|Version 1902 (Build 11328.20146)  <br/> |March 4,2019  <br/> |278<br/> |

### Semi-Annual Channel

The most current release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20304)

|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20264)  <br/> |January 8,2019  <br/> |84<br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20280) <br/> |February 12, 2019  <br/> |74<br/> |

### Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted)

The most current release is Version 1902 (Build 11328.20158).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20264)  <br/> |January 8,2019  <br/> |257 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20280)  <br/> |February 12, 2019  <br/> |256 <br/> |

## March 4, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1902 (Build 11328.20146). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1901 (Build 11231.20130)  <br/> |January 31, 2019  <br/> |180<br/> |
|Version 1901 (Build 11231.20174)  <br/> |February 12,2019  <br/> |178<br/> |

## February 12, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1901 (Build 11231.20174). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1901 (Build 11231.20130)  <br/> |January 31, 2019  <br/> |66<br/> |
|Version 1812 (Build 11126.20266)  <br/> |January 14,2019  <br/> |158<br/> |


### Semi-Annual Channel

The most current release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20280)

|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20264)  <br/> |January 8,2019  <br/> |79<br/> |
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2336) <br/> |December 11, 2018  <br/> |280<br/> |

  
### Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted)

The most current release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20280).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20264)  <br/> |January 8,2019  <br/> |79 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20262)  <br/> |December 11, 2018  <br/> |280 <br/> |


## January 31, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1901 (Build 11231.20130). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1812 (Build 11126.20266))  <br/> |January 14, 2019 <br/> |159<br/> |
|Version 1812 (Build 11126.20196)  <br/> |January 8, 2019 <br/> |159<br/> |

## January 14, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1812 (Build 11126.20266). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1812 (Build 11126.20196)  <br/> |January 8, 2019 <br/> |81<br/> |
|Version 1812 (Build 11126.20188)  <br/> |December 11, 2018 <br/> |162<br/> |

## January 8, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1812 (Build 11126.20196). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1812 (Build 11126.20188)  <br/> |January 3, 2019  <br/> |75<br/> |
|Version 1811 (Build 11029.20108)  <br/> |December 11, 2018  <br/> |177<br/> |

### Semi-Annual Channel

The most current  release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20264)

|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2336) <br/> |December 11, 2018  <br/> | 281<br/> |
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2315)  <br/> |November 13, 2018  <br/> |281 <br/> |
  
### Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted)

The most current  release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20264).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20262)  <br/> |December 11, 2018  <br/> |83 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20205)  <br/> |November 13, 2018  <br/>   |96  <br/>|


## January 3, 2019

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1812 (Build 11126.20188). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1810 (Build 11029.20079)  <br/> |November 27, 2018  <br/> |179<br/> |
|Version 1811 (Build 11029.20108)  <br/> |December 11, 2018  <br/> |176<br/> |

## December 11, 2018

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1811 (Build 11029.20108). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1810 (Build 11001.20108)  <br/> |November 13, 2018  <br/> |168<br/> |
|Version 1810 (Build 11029.20079)  <br/> |November 27, 2018  <br/> |82<br/> |

### Semi-Annual Channel

The most current release is Version 1803 (Build 9126.2336)

|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2295) <br/> |October 9, 2018  <br/> | 61<br/> |
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2282)  <br/> |September 11, 2018  <br/> |60 <br/> |
  
### Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted)

The most current release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20262).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1803 (Build 10730.20155)  <br/> |October 9, 2018  <br/> |90 <br/> |
|Version 1803 (Build 10730.20205)  <br/> |November 13, 2018  <br/>   |77  <br/>|

## November 27, 2018

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1811 (Build 11029.20079). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1811 (Build 11001.20108)  <br/> |November 13, 2018  <br/> |167<br/> |
|Version 1810 (Build 11001.20074)  <br/> |October 29, 2018  <br/> |166<br/> |


## November 13, 2018

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1810 (Build 11001.20108). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1809 (Build 10827.20181)  <br/> |October 16, 2018  <br/> |188<br/> |
|Version 1809 (Build 11001.20074)  <br/> |October 29, 2018  <br/> |64<br/> |

### Semi-Annual Channel

The most current release is Version  1803 (Build 9126.2315).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2295) <br/> |October 9, 2018  <br/> |61 <br/> |
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2282)  <br/> |September 11, 2018  <br/> |58<br/> |

### Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted)

The most current release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20205).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1803 (Build 10730.20102)  <br/> |October 9, 2018  <br/> |92 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20102)  <br/> |September 11, 2018  <br/>   |84  <br/>|

## October 29, 2018

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1810 (Build 11001.20074). 
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1809 (Build 10827.20181)  <br/> |October 16, 2018  <br/> |188<br/> |
|Version 1809 (Build 10827.20150)  <br/> |October 9, 2018  <br/> |188<br/> |


## October 16, 2018

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1809 (Build 10827.20181).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20088)  <br/> |September 5, 2018  <br/> |170  <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20102)  <br/> |September 12, 2018  <br/> |176 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20127)  <br/> |September 24, 2018  <br/> |396 <br/> |
|Version 1809 (Build 10827.20138)  <br/> |September 27, 2018  <br/> |86 <br/> |
|Version 1809 (Build 10827.20150)  <br/> |October 9, 2018  <br/> |82 <br/> |

## October 9, 2018

### Monthly Channel

The most current release is Version 1809 (Build 10827.20150).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20088)  <br/> |September 5, 2018  <br/> |170  <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20102)  <br/> |September 12, 2018  <br/> |176 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20127)  <br/> |September 24, 2018  <br/> |396 <br/> |
|Version 1809 (Build 10827.20138)  <br/> |September 27, 2018  <br/> |80 <br/> |
  
### Semi-Annual Channel

The most current release is Version  1803 (Build 9126.2295).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2275)  <br/> |August 14, 2018  <br/> |104 <br/> |
|Version 1803(Build 9126.2282)  <br/> |September 11, 2018  <br/> |100<br/> |

  
### Semi-Annual Channel (Targeted)

The most current release is Version 1808 (Build 10730.20155).
  
|**Release upgrading from**|**Release date**|**Approximate download size (in MB)**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Version 1803 (Build 9126.2275)  <br/> |August 14, 2018  <br/> |292 <br/> |
|Version 1808 (Build 10730.20102)  <br/> |September 11, 2018  <br/>   |87  <br/>|

    
## Related topics

- [Overview of update channels for Office 365 ProPlus](https://docs.microsoft.com/DeployOffice/overview-of-update-channels-for-office-365-proplus)
- [Update history for Office 365 ProPlus (listed by date)](update-history-office365-proplus-by-date.md)

> [!NOTE]
> If you need help with an issue with using Office, we recommend that you post your question on [Microsoft's Answers forum](https://answers.microsoft.com/) or [Tech Community](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/), or you can contact [support](https://support.microsoft.com/contactus).
